gh-68968: Correcting message display issue with assertEqual (#103937)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2023-04-27-18-46-31.gh-issue-68968.E3tnhy.rst

> Correcting message display issue causing output of assertEqual to be garbled when provided string inputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed garbled output of :meth:`~unittest.TestCase.assertEqual` when an input lacks final newline.
```
